README.md, before:

# Ruby Exercises

This is a collection of exercises to practice various aspects of Ruby. 

Practicing in this manner (small, bite-sized problems that you can do repeatedly) is a _fantastic_ way to solidify programming concepts. 

Each folder in this repository is a set of related exercises. Open up the folder and read the README to learn more about them.

## Getting Started

If you are new to Ruby, please see [Turing Prep Chapter 1: Make Mod 1 Easier Than It Otherwise Would Be](https://josh.works/turing-backend-prep-01-intro) for help getting started with these Exercises.

## Setup

1. Clone this repository
1. From the command line, `cd` into the `ruby-exercises` directory.
1. From the command line, run `bundle`
  * If you get an error saying that the command `bundle` was not found, first run `gem install bundler` and then try again.

## Order

Here is a very rough suggested timeline for working on the exercises. This is just a suggestion, as the exercises can be completed in any order. 

Where there are video walk-throughs, it could be useful to watch the whole video. Some of them move rather slowly, but touch on lots of useful tools you can use along the way, like `how to Google goodly`, `terminal shortcuts`, `Atom configurations you should check out`, `pry and using a debugger`, and lots more. The time you spend watching the video will be more than paid back in time savings elsewhere.

Also, how does "watching these videos" pair well with "struggle hard to figure out hard things"? A few ways:

1. There are only a few video walk-throughs. You'll get the most out of these exercises if you complete most/all of them.
2. After you do the video walk-through, please please please jot down _on a piece of paper_ some (or all) of the code that you wrote. Then delete the code from your editor and make the tests pass a second time. [Here's a way of organizing a paper notebook that could be helpful right about now](https://josh.works/how-i-take-notes-aka-add-an-index-to-your-notebook)
3. You don't _have_ to watch the videos before you start solving these exercises. You can use them _just_ when you get stuck. Each video, if you click through, has an "index" of the tests inside, and where in the video I address a given test. You can be stuck half-way through the `advanced_nested_collections` exercise, click through to the video, and jump right to the test you're working on. 

This repository of exercises is one of the best tools you've got to learn Ruby. Every minute spent here is time _very_ well spent. 

* Week 1
  * data-types
    * strings [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/BKqo2w0W7S0)
    * ints_and_floats
    * collections/arrays [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/RUnd1Uu0AyE)
  * initialize
    * aardvark
    * beaver
    * cat
    * dog
    * eel
    * ferret
    * groundhog
    * horse
  * mythical-creatures
    * Unicorn [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/mocwGsu41yw)
    * Vampire
    * Dragon [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/NIPerY-xuCk)
  * enumerables/exercises
    * find_pattern_test
    * find_test
    * map_pattern_test
    * map_test
    * select_pattern_test
    * select_test

* Week 2
  * data-types/collections/hashes.rb
  * objects-and-methods/exercise-1
  * mythical-creatures
    * Hobbit [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/uYGS-DCNR-0)
    * Pirate
    * Wizard
  * command-query
    * leather_chair_test.rb
    * baby_test.rb
    * beers_test.rb

* Week 3
  * datatypes/collections/advanced_nested_collections.rb [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/9AaElA4elDU)
  * object-and-methods/exercise-2
  * mythical-creatures
    * Medusa
    * Werewolf
    * Centaur
    * Ogre
  * command-query
    * adult_test.rb
    * roll_call_test.rb
    * wallet_test.rb

* Week 4+
	* Enumerables/exercises
	* Iteration
	* Command and Query
	* Complete/Redo Mythical Creatures

Commit message:

add link to mod0/setup instructions

README.md, after:

# Ruby Exercises

This is a collection of exercises to practice various aspects of Ruby. 

Practicing in this manner (small, bite-sized problems that you can do repeatedly) is a _fantastic_ way to solidify programming concepts. 

Each folder in this repository is a set of related exercises. Open up the folder and read the README to learn more about them.

_Note: If you've just stumbled across this repository online, and are looking to work through these exercises, consider working through these [setup instructions](http://mod0.turing.io/setup-instructions) and [this guide to installing rbenv and a version of ruby](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/backend_module_0_capstone#environment), as these two items are pre-requisites to working on these ruby exercises below._

## Getting Started

If you are new to Ruby, please see [Turing Prep Chapter 1: Make Mod 1 Easier Than It Otherwise Would Be](https://josh.works/turing-backend-prep-01-intro) for help getting started with these Exercises.

## Setup

1. Clone this repository
1. From the command line, `cd` into the `ruby-exercises` directory.
1. From the command line, run `bundle`
  * If you get an error saying that the command `bundle` was not found, first run `gem install bundler` and then try again. If `gem install bundler` doesn't work, make sure you've followed [mod0 setup instructions](http://mod0.turing.io/setup-instructions) and [installed rbenv and a version of ruby](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/backend_module_0_capstone#environment)

## Order

Here is a very rough suggested timeline for working on the exercises. This is just a suggestion, as the exercises can be completed in any order. 

Where there are video walk-throughs, it could be useful to watch the whole video. Some of them move rather slowly, but touch on lots of useful tools you can use along the way, like `how to Google goodly`, `terminal shortcuts`, `Atom configurations you should check out`, `pry and using a debugger`, and lots more. The time you spend watching the video will be more than paid back in time savings elsewhere.

Also, how does "watching these videos" pair well with "struggle hard to figure out hard things"? A few ways:

1. There are only a few video walk-throughs. You'll get the most out of these exercises if you complete most/all of them.
2. After you do the video walk-through, please please please jot down _on a piece of paper_ some (or all) of the code that you wrote. Then delete the code from your editor and make the tests pass a second time. [Here's a way of organizing a paper notebook that could be helpful right about now](https://josh.works/how-i-take-notes-aka-add-an-index-to-your-notebook)
3. You don't _have_ to watch the videos before you start solving these exercises. You can use them _just_ when you get stuck. Each video, if you click through, has an "index" of the tests inside, and where in the video I address a given test. You can be stuck half-way through the `advanced_nested_collections` exercise, click through to the video, and jump right to the test you're working on. 

This repository of exercises is one of the best tools you've got to learn Ruby. Every minute spent here is time _very_ well spent. 

* Week 1
  * data-types
    * strings [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/BKqo2w0W7S0)
    * ints_and_floats
    * collections/arrays [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/RUnd1Uu0AyE)
  * initialize
    * aardvark
    * beaver
    * cat
    * dog
    * eel
    * ferret
    * groundhog
    * horse
  * mythical-creatures
    * Unicorn [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/mocwGsu41yw)
    * Vampire
    * Dragon [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/NIPerY-xuCk)
  * enumerables/exercises
    * find_pattern_test
    * find_test
    * map_pattern_test
    * map_test
    * select_pattern_test
    * select_test

* Week 2
  * data-types/collections/hashes.rb
  * objects-and-methods/exercise-1
  * mythical-creatures
    * Hobbit [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/uYGS-DCNR-0)
    * Pirate
    * Wizard
  * command-query
    * leather_chair_test.rb
    * baby_test.rb
    * beers_test.rb

* Week 3
  * datatypes/collections/advanced_nested_collections.rb [video walk-through](https://youtu.be/9AaElA4elDU)
  * object-and-methods/exercise-2
  * mythical-creatures
    * Medusa
    * Werewolf
    * Centaur
    * Ogre
  * command-query
    * adult_test.rb
    * roll_call_test.rb
    * wallet_test.rb

* Week 4+
	* Enumerables/exercises
	* Iteration
	* Command and Query
	* Complete/Redo Mythical Creatures
