core-types/README.md, before:

# Core Types

## Starting with Array Exercises

If you've never used Git you can follow these instructions from your terminal:

```
$ cd your_project_folder
$ git clone https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises.git
$ cd ruby-exercises/core-types
$ gem install bundler
$ bundle
```

Then you can run the Array exercises like this:

```
$ ruby array_test.rb
```

The object of this exercise is to make the tests pass.

This will only show you one failure at a time, and it will tell you how many
passing assertions you have. Read the error message carefully to figure out
which line of the test suite is failing.

This will run the test file and you will get some error. Read the error and
make the changes to the array_test.rb file that you need to. Save the file,
and then re-run it. You can hit the up arrow on your keyboard to have the
terminal bring up the last command you ran.

Specifically, after you've replaced the maybes in the test_empty test in
array_test.rb, it's just predicting what the tests want, and then replacing
the underscores with what you think is required, and running the test file
over again, until you've done so for each of the tests in the file, and they
all pass.

Feel free to change the content of the tests after you have made them all
pass in order to get a better understanding of how things work, and definitely
open up pry and play in there to help you understand how these things work.

Commit message:

Change to start at string vs array

core-types/README.md, after:

# Core Types

## Starting with String Exercises

If you've never used Git you can follow these instructions from your terminal:

```
$ cd your_project_folder
$ git clone https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises.git
$ cd ruby-exercises/core-types
$ gem install bundler
$ bundle
```

Then you can run the String exercises like this:

```
$ ruby string_test.rb
```

The object of this exercise is to make the tests pass.

This will only show you one failure at a time, and it will tell you how many
passing assertions you have. Read the error message carefully to figure out
which line of the test suite is failing.

This will run the test file and you will get some error. Read the error and
make the changes to the string_test.rb file that you need to. Save the file,
and then re-run it. You can hit the up arrow on your keyboard to have the
terminal bring up the last command you ran.

Specifically, after you've replaced the maybes with assert or refute in the
test_empty test in string_test.rb, it's just predicting what the tests want,
and then replacing the underscores with what you think is required, and running
the test file over again, until you've done so for each of the tests in the
file, and they all pass.

Feel free to change the content of the tests after you have made them all
pass in order to get a better understanding of how things work, and definitely
open up pry and play in there to help you understand how these things work.
