data-types/strings/README.md, before:

The `strings.rb` file has a number of exercises to help you better work with strings in ruby.

Below is a list of methods that will help you complete the exercises - research each of them on the [Ruby Docs for Strings](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html) to learn more about what they do and how they are used.

There are additional methods that you will need to complete the exercises; each of these additional methods can be found in the Ruby Docs for Strings.

* `String#capitalize`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-capitalize)
* `String#count`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-count)
* `String#concat`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-concat)
* `String#chomp`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-chomp)
* `String#chop`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-chop)
* `String#delete`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-delete)
* `String#gsub`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-gsub)
* `String#include?`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-include-3F)
* `String#length`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-length)
* `String#reverse`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-reverse)
* `String#sub`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-sub)
* `String#strip`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-strip)
* `String#upcase`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-upcase)



```

Commit message:

fix: updated to reflect rspect instructions

data-types/strings/README.md, after:

The `strings_spec.rb` file has a number of exercises to help you better work with strings in ruby.

1. Make sure you followed the instructions listed in `README.md` in the root ruby-exercises folder to install `rspec` via the bundler.
2. Open `strings_spec.rb` in Atom.
3. In terminal, use `rspec strings_spec.rb` to execute the file.
  * **NOTE:** Test files (typically end with _spec.rb, `example_spec.rb`) execute with `rspec` instead of the `ruby` command you are used to.
4. Read the error message, fill the blanks in each `strings_spec.rb` test, save the file in Atom, and execute until each test passes.
  * **NOTE:** Remove the `x` in `xit` to enable each test as you go. Placing `skip` under the `do` line works similarly.

Below is a list of methods that will help you complete the exercises - research each of them on the [Ruby Docs for Strings](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html) to learn more about what they do and how they are used.

There are additional methods that you will need to complete the exercises; each of these additional methods can be found in the Ruby Docs for Strings.

* `String#capitalize`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-capitalize)
* `String#count`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-count)
* `String#concat`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-concat)
* `String#chomp`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-chomp)
* `String#chop`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-chop)
* `String#delete`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-delete)
* `String#gsub`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-gsub)
* `String#include?`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-include-3F)
* `String#length`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-length)
* `String#reverse`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-reverse)
* `String#sub`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-sub)
* `String#strip`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-strip)
* `String#upcase`[docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.6.5/String.html#method-i-upcase)



```
